How to install Hasq server software on a virtual machine using ISO image
------------------------------------------------------------------------

This instruction is for VMware Player v6.0.1. If other version is used,
the following steps should be considered as a guide only.

1. Run VMware Player
2. Click on Create a New Virtual Machine
3. Make the following selections

   Welcome to the New Virtual Machine Wizard
     Installer disc image file (iso)
     "Browse..."
       Select ISO file downloaded from website
       "Open"
     "Next >"

   Select a Guest Operating System
     Guest Operating System: Linux
     Version: Other Linux 2.6.x kernel
     "Next >"

   Name the Virtual Machine
     Virtual machine name: type any name
     "Next >"

   Specify Disk Capacity
     Store virtual disk as a single file
       (Note: if your version of VMware Player allows to choose virtual
        disk type, IDE must be chosen)
     "Next >"

   Ready to Create Virtual Machine
     "Customize Hardware..."
       Memory
         Memory for this virtual machine: 512MB
       "Close"
     "Finish"

4. Check settings of the created virtual machine. Hard disk type must be IDE.
   If it's not, remove this disk and add a new IDE disk.

5. Start Virtual Machine 

   The booting program waits for 10 seconds giving time to interrupt and
   enter a console or interactive mode. If no key is pressed, it starts
   and finds a hard disk without partitions:

     /dev/sda - NO PARTITION

   It then asks if user wants to create a new partition:

     Do you want to create partition on /dev/sda? (yes): _

   Pressing <enter> serves as confirmation. After the partition is created
   the following message is displayed:

     Do you want to reboot [yes: reboot, no: enter shell] ? (yes) : _

   Pressing <enter> reboots the system. After the reboot the new hard disk is ready:

     /dev/sda1 - ext4

   The booting program now searches for the configuration file:

     No configuration found on hard drives
     Use default CD configuration as is ? (yes) : _

   If "n" is answered, the booting program starts asking a series of questions
   in order to create the server configuration file. Alternatively, press <enter>
   to use the default configuration. After the configuration file is created,
   the system reboots again.

   After the next restart, the server database will be automatically created
   and hasqd executable will be run. From this moment on the server is fully
   operational.

   The booting program can be interrupted to enter the interactive mode to customize
   system and/or Hasq server settings by simply following the instructions.
